feat(rollup): support using sdk libraries in browsers (#1328)
commercetools/nodejs: CHANGELOG.md

## commercetools-sdk changed artefact generation

#### :rocket: New Feature

> - now replacing Node Globals in UMD packages to allow distribution into browsers without using separate packaging processes, for example for JQuery based projects

Reviewer: Nit: It's spelled `jQuery`.

> - now replacing Node Globals in UMD packages to allow distribution into browsers without using separate packaging processes, for example for JQuery based projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now replaces Node.js globals (such as `Buffer`) in UMD builds to allow direct consumption in browsers without requiring a separate build step (e.g. webpack). This helps smaller projects to get started quicker.
```
